MULTIPLE WAVES:
With each successive wave, the aliens walk faster as the ALIEN_SPEED decreases by ALIEN_SP_DEC (a newly created global constant).
ALIEN_SP_DEC is 0.05 in consts.py, but it can be changed to be smaller or larger.
The number of lives (of ships) resets to 3 every new wave.

I created two new hidden class attributes: _wavecounter and _wavespeed
With each successive wave, I increased _wavecounter in app.py (i.e. when all the aliens are dead)
Then each new wave was initalized with the running wavecounter. 
Then, I can set the wavespeed as a function of wavecounter (i.e. in this simplest case, wavespeed=speed-wavecounter*amount)

DYNAMIC ALIENS:
Aliens move faster with each successive alien you kill. The wavespeed is multiplied by INCREMENT in consts.py.
The factor is currently set at 0.985.

Very similar to the first extension. Wavespeed is initially set by wavespeed=speed-wavecounter*amount in the init.
This time, I multiplied the wavespeed by INCREMENT of 0.985 everytime I detected a bolt collision with an alien. 

LIVES, WAVES AND POINTS COUNTER:
Self explanatory... counters seen in game window

Added a helper function in update of app.py with corresponding GLabel. The text is then drawn.

SCORE COUNTER:
Self explanatory... counters seen in game window
The farther aliens are worth more points.
Aliens in 1st and 2nd row closest to ship worth 10 each
Aliens in 3rd and 4th row closest to ship worth 20 each
Aliens in 5th and 6th row closest to ship worth 30 each... etc

Everytime there was a collision between an alien and player bolt, I knew that an alien had died.
Therefore, I would add to the running score. Aliens every two rows farther would be worth 10 more points.
(I used the indexes of rows to do this //2+1)*10
Then I used a hidden class attribute _justKilled to know when to update the score in app.py using a getter in app.py.
Then, I updated the running player score and set _justKilled back to False so I can update the score
if there is another collision (_justKilled turns True again).
 